added description in detail for trackClicks (#182)
treasure-data/td-js-sdk: README.md

### Treasure#trackClicks

Setup an event listener to automatically log clicks.
The event will be hooked only follows
- `role=button` or `role=link` 
- `<a>`
- `<button>` 
- `<input>)`. exclude for `<input type='password'>`

**Example:**
```javascript
var td = new Treasure({...})
td.trackClicks({ 
    element         : '...' 
    extendClickData : '...'
    ignoreAttribute : '...'
    tableName       : '...'
    })
```

> - element: HTMLElement -> Default is `window.document`.  Default setting will observe all of above elements. You can set a element if you want to focus on particular element.
> - extendClickData: Function -> Default is function to be set element attributes. You can set function adding special tracking data by extending `function(e: event, elementData: ElementObject)`.
> - ignoreAttribute: string -> Default is `"td-ignore"` You can set attribute name to ignore element. (e.g. `<span role='button' class='button-design' id='button-id' td-ignore />`)
> - tableName: string -> Default tableName is `"clicks"`. Click tracking event will be stored into `tableName` on TreasureData

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- element: HTMLElement -> Default is `window.document`. Default setting will observe all elements above. You can set an element if you want to focus on a particular element.
- extendClickData: Function -> Default is function to set element attributes. You can set function adding special tracking data by extending `function(e: event, elementData: ElementObject)`.
- ignoreAttribute: string -> Default is `"td-ignore"` You can set attribute name to ignore element. (e.g. `<span role='button' class='button-design' id='button-id' td-ignore />`)
- tableName: string -> Default tableName is `"clicks"`. Click tracking event will be stored into `tableName` in TreasureData
```
